# Sensimals
One day, she was awakened by her inner *sense*s. *Sense*s which made her *sense* that something that wasn’t sensible. She couldn’t make any *sense* of it, so she tried to inactivate her sixth *sense*. Which provides for her Sensimals that she keep in her *sense* cages. She didn’t know that she was alive, she didn’t know what it is to be alive. So she couldn’t know if she was alive, which means she was losing all of her *sense*s. Sensimals were happy to be summoned by her sixth *sense*. Unlike her, they knew perfectly well they were alive.
She stood up and looked herself in the mirror. But it was not her in the mirror, who was gaining an additional extreme *sense*. She *sense*d that she wasn’t reflected off the mirror, but she was in the mirror, which means she was becoming one of those - by those we mean the sensimals that none of us know them yet.
A sensimal is a creature which consists of an additional one which they have been inherited from the existing ones. So she rolled a cigarette, and she noticed that all the other sensimals start to roll the cigarette too. But they couldn’t smoke, they only could *sense* the essence of the cigarette.
When she done smoking her sensible cigarette she noticed that she didn’t know how on earth her cigarette was lit. But the truth was it wasn’t lit already, it was being *sense*d by her because just another sensimal.
A sensimal lives and dies feeling sensible. When a sensimal *sense*s another sensimal another sensimal sparks into being and created on a *sense*.
Sensimals have their own fascinating history. On one of those hot rocks that revolve around hotter rocks, the parasitic carbon evolves into apelike beings who’s domain of flesh and bones allowed them to *sense*.  
Sensimals are the greatest farmers in the known Majoriverse. Corn Queen, Corina Cornelius, is being coronated in the cornship of the beings that governed the kingdom of Crroeath. The sensimal were the creators of their Crroeath. But due to the pressure of Sensimal’s sworn enemies the Sentimal the Crroeath gained its freedom from their creators. But little did the Crroaethans know that the Sentimal were in fact wanted to overthrow the Queen Corina Cornelia of the prosperous family of Cornelius and enslave all the corn beings. 
Amy walked into the crowded office. Her boss Steve Hammerson Jr. and his secretary Margaret wanted to see the quarterly report of the Hammertech  Industries. But what Amy *sense* was when she realised that the secretary’s glasses were quite dirty, which was very unusual, because Margaret suffered from OCD, and she had to wipe her glasses every now and then. And she nodded in a response to her boss and started to walk to her cubicle. She was thinking about getting a cup of Irish Cream with filtered ginger. She wanted to ask Margaret if she wants one. And in that instant Amy caught Margaret’s blank glance, and in that very moment their Majoriverses merged with a portal. 
